HOW WE WORK
Our Roadmap to Success:
1. Discover
We engage with you to explore your project's requirements and goals and then conduct thorough research to gather crucial insights.
2. Design
We transform your vision into captivating designs, ensuring precise functionality and user satisfaction.
3. Develop
Our tech wizards bring your design to life with expert coding and a laser focus on reliability and security.
4. Deliver
We coordinate a smooth launch and continue to be your ally, delivering sustained support to ensure the ongoing success of your solution.

What client says about us (Client feedback):
1. Founder of "Ideeza" "Moran Bitton" says: "Datics AI is the best! We worked with them for a very long time - and they always surprised us with their work on the project and were always a step ahead of what we asked for."
2. Braden Ericson from "Coast Technology" says: "Datics team was great to work with. They were very proactive and helped me define the requirements for the project and were able to navigate the pivots I threw at them during the development period. Always on time and always high-quality solutions."
3. Richard Delancey from "Coast Technology" says: "Datics is a pleasure to work with when it comes to custom software development. They deliver top-notch quality software solutions within short deadlines. Over the past 2 years, I have made an exceptional working relationship with Datics AI & I would highly recommend them for their services!."

Contact Us:
USA Office Contact Details:
Address: 1353, 701 Tillery Street Unit 12, Austin, TX, Travis, US 78702
Email: business@datics.ai
Phone: +1 (945) 297-6257

Pakistan Office Contact Details:
Address: 107-G, Dha Phase1, Lahore, Pakistan
Email: contact@datics.ai
Phone: +92 333 4929891

Social Media Links:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/datics/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_eqnYF7OeBzgHH0-4hiP2g
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/datics-ai/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/datics.ai/

What We do?
Our 360° Technology Services To Meet All Your Needs.

1. Ideation & Evaluation
Thorough research and comprehensive analysis are at the core of our digital strategy services. We uncover growth prospects, gain insights into your target audience, and identify the most effective communication channels.
2. Software & Web App development
Build robust and scalable software and web solutions. As a customer-centric custom software development company, we prioritize intuitive user interfaces and seamless user experiences, ensuring both functionality and aesthetics.
3. Management
Mitigate risk through proactive issue prevention. Ensure the quality and success of your product. Thus, allowing you to create a product that is not only useful and enjoyable but also reliable.
4. Cloud solutions
Create, build, and enhance your cloud applications. With expertise in scalable infrastructure and smooth migration, we guarantee reliable and secure cloud environments, enhancing performance and efficiency.
5. Scale
Elevate your business’s digital presence and secure a competitive edge with tailored solutions designed to fuel your transformation. Embrace the latest technological trends and propel your growth in the digital realm.
6. Talent Solutions
Gain immediate and flexible access to exceptional development expertise across the industry, empowering you to craft impactful digital products with confidence. We let you scale your team with the right talent.


Our Mission
Drive change using technology and innovation to help influence better business decision making prompting growth using the latest technologies and trends.

Our Vision
As a software development company, we utilize technology-driven solutions to leverage data and save resources prompting better decision making.

Our Story
Founded in 2018, Datics AI was established to provide complete product development to enterprise and startups alike. We believe in building long term relationships with our clients and promise them satisfaction through timely and quality services. With the processes of a well-established enterprise and the agility of a startup, we form a unique combination as a service provider. We strongly believe in going up and beyond to meet our clientele’s expectations so that we leave a lasting impression as a success story to remember.

Our Team:
CEO: Umair Majeed
LinkedIn Profile Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/umairmajeedrana/

CTO: Umar Majeed
LinkedIn Profile Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/umarmajeedrana/

Voice President Engineering: Faraz Younis
LinkedIn Profile Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/farazyounis/

Engineering Manager: Danyal Ahmad
Linked Profile Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/danyal-ahmad-b9859357/

Our Core Value:
Business development, organizational, professional and personal growth originate from the basic values of Datics:
1. Transparency
We believe in 100% transparency with our clients and it always motivates us to deliver incredible results.
2. Open Feedback
Fostering a culture of open and honest communication to boost workplace productivity and improved job satisfaction.
3. Customer Satisfaction
At Datics, our highest priority is to attain customer satisfaction through continuous delivery maintaining high quality.
4. Innovation
We encourage new ideas; make it safe to bring them forward and uplift those who think out of the box.